logdog: a tool for aggregating logs (#880)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

Be careful, and make sure you have a similar low-level use case before reaching for host containers.

### Logs

> Using the admin container, you can obtain a tarball of logs using `logdog`. SSH to the Bottlerocket host, then run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the admin container, you can obtain a tarball of logs using `logdog`.
SSH to the Bottlerocket host, then run:
```
Please put sentences on their own lines - it's easier to diff and edit.  Same below.

```bash
sudo sheltie
logdog
```

> This will write a file to `/tmp/bottlerocket-logs.tar.gz`. You can use SSH to retrieve the file. Once you have exited from the Bottlerocket host, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will write a file to `/tmp/bottlerocket-logs.tar.gz`.
You can use SSH to retrieve the file.
Once you have exited from the Bottlerocket host, run a command like:
```
Split sentences per first comment, and suggest "a command like" per other comment.

```bash
ssh -i the-key.pem \

>     ec2-user@$BOTTLEROCKET_IP \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ssh -i YOUR_KEY_FILE \
    ec2-user@YOUR_HOST \
```
This is a weird mix of knowing you have to change the key file (which many people won't actually have to do because of an agent) and a variable for IP that's not set or used anywhere else.  We avoided specifying details like this elsewhere in the doc, but I guess we have no choice here, until we improve the situation to not require it.  I'd recommend something like this, and clarifying to the user that they should change them.

Be careful, and make sure you have a similar low-level use case before reaching for host containers.

### Logs

> Using the admin container, you can obtain a tarball of logs using `logdog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `logdog` through the [admin container](#admin-container) to obtain an archive of log files from your Bottlerocket host.
```

SSH to the Bottlerocket host, then run:

```bash
sudo sheltie
logdog
```

> This will write a file to `/tmp/bottlerocket-logs.tar.gz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will write an archive of the logs to `/tmp/bottlerocket-logs.tar.gz`.
```

You can use SSH to retrieve the file.
Once you have exited from the Bottlerocket host, run a command like:

```bash
ssh -i YOUR_KEY_FILE \
    ec2-user@YOUR_HOST \
    "cat /.bottlerocket/rootfs/tmp/bottlerocket-logs.tar.gz" > bottlerocket-logs.tar.gz
```

> For a list of what is collected, see the logdog [README](sources/logdog/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of what is collected, see the logdog [command list](sources/logdog/src/commands.rs).
```
